# Cloud_project

This project introduces a cloud-based file storage system that enables users to seamlessly upload, download, and delete files while ensuring the privacy of individual storage spaces. For efficiency and other purposes that will be discussed, Nextcloud has been selected for the deployment using Docker containers.

## Deployment

To set up everything the 
```bash
docker-compose up
```
command is needed, which reads the script, pulls the required images, and creates the containers as defined. 
After setting up and starting the services with docker-compose up, there is one additional step required for Nextcloud configuration. To ensure Nextcloud recognizes and trusts the domain from which it is accessed to the simulated user generated by Locust. We execute an additional command:

```bash
docker exec --user www-data nextcloud php occ config:system:set
trusted_domains 1 --value=nextcloud
```
Nextcloud becomes accessible at http://localhost:8080. This URL points the browser to the port 8080 on your the local machine, where Docker has mapped the internal port used by the Nextcloud container to be accessible from the host system.This makes it easy to interact with Nextcloud instance as if it were running directly on your machine, providing a direct way to manage files, users, and settings on its web interface.

The Locust testing framework becomes accessible at http://localhost:8081. Similar to how Nextcloud is set up, the Locust service is configured on a specific port inside its container, which Docker maps to 8081 on the host machine.
Before initiating the locust tests, generate the required Python files by executing the test_files.py script.
To run the script, navigate to the locust and execute the following command

```bash
python test_files.py
```

